= rutorrent.tigris.id.au

== Description

My rtorrent/rutorrent site and setup.

Note: The below instructions are assuming sudo and group permissions have
already been setup as explained in my base server config readme for the
www.tigris.id.au repo.

== System setup notes

=== General

* Check the output of `ulimit -Sn` as a normal user. If it's 1024 or lower, you
  probably want to update `/etc/security/limits.conf` to increase that file
  limit.

=== PHP and NGinx

We need php for the actual rutorrent web app. We also need to install the dev
packages so we can compile the json module (required by the HTTPRPC plugin which
we use instead of the scgi webserver module)

* Install php and nginx
  sudo apt-get install php5-cgi php5-cli php5-fpm nginx

If you want the geoip plugin to work, you need the following as well.

* Install geoip packages
    sudo apt-get install geoip-database libgeoip1 php5-geoip

* Install custom geoip city database
    wget http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLiteCity.dat.gz
    gunzip GeoLiteCity.dat.gz
    sudo mv GeoLiteCity.dat /usr/share/GeoIP/GeoIPCity.dat

=== rTorrent

The debian version of rtorrent is over 2 years old, even in debian unstable
so I find it best to just compile this from source.

* Install subversion (it's the only way to get the required version of xmlrpc-c)
    sudo apt-get -y install subversion

* Install xmlrpc-c
    svn co http://xmlrpc-c.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/xmlrpc-c/advanced xmlrpc-c
    cd xmlrpc-c
    ./configure
    make
    sudo make install
    cd ..
    rm -rf xmlrpc-c

* Bleh, dependencies!
    sudo apt-get install -y pkg-config libssl-dev libncurses5-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev

* Install rtorrent
    wget http://rtorrent.net/downloads/libtorrent-0.13.6.tar.gz
    wget http://rtorrent.net/downloads/rtorrent-0.9.6.tar.gz
    tar xf libtorrent-*.tar.gz ; rm libtorrent-*.tar.gz
    tar xf rtorrent-*tar.gz ; rm rtorrent-*.tar.gz
    cd libtorrent-*
    ./configure
    make
    sudo make install
    cd ..
    rm -rf libtorrent-*
    cd rtorrent-*
    ./configure --with-xmlrpc-c=/usr/local/bin/xmlrpc-c-config
    make
    sudo make install
    cd ..
    rm -rf rtorrent-*

* (optional) Uninstall subversion
    sudo apt-get -y purge subversion

=== Website

* Initial website deploy
    cd /srv
    git clone git@github.com:tigris/rutorrent.tigris.id.au.git

* Symlink the git hook
    cd /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/.git/hooks
    ln -s ../../config/hooks/post-merge

* Setup the nginx config
    cd /etc/nginx/sites-enabled
    sudo cp /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/config/nginx/rutorrent.tigris.id.au.conf .

* Permissions (you should do this again AFTER you've logged into ruttorent the
  first time, since it will create some default user files)
    sudo chown -R danial /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au
    sudo chgrp -R www-data /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/public/share
    sudo chmod -R g+w /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/public/share

=== rTorrent setup

* Configs
    cp /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/config/rtorrent/danial.rtorrent.rc /home/danial/.rtorrent.rc
    mkdir -p /home/danial/.rtorrent/session
    mkdir -p /home/danial/.rtorrent/socket
    mkdir -p /home/danial/.rtorrent/watch
    mkdir -p /home/danial/.rtorrent/dl
    mkdir -p /home/danial/torrents

* Starting rTorrent. Add the following line to /etc/rc.local and run it as root
  if you want to start rtorrent right now.

    rm -f /home/danial/.rtorrent/session/rtorrent.lock
    rm -f /home/danial/.rtorrent/socket/rpc.socket
    su - danial -c '/usr/bin/screen -fa -d -m -S rtorrent /usr/local/bin/rtorrent'

=== Auto Deploy

* Setup crontab
    sudo cp /srv/rutorrent.tigris.id.au/config/cron/* /etc/cron.d
    sudo chown root.root /etc/cron.d/*

== Troubleshooting

If at any point rtorrent won't load (e.g. rutorrent shows errors about
connecting), try just executing rtorrent from the command line as the user and
deal with the errors. If rtorrent loads, then the error must be in the web
server config or something. You will have to close the ssh terminal as I dunno
how to quit rtorrent.

If the traffic plugin isn't showing any data, then your permissions are wrong,
re-run the permissions commands in the website setup section.

If rtorrent ever died (or you killed it manually) then you may need to remove
the zombied socket file. in ~/.rtorrent/socket/rpc.socket
